Analysis Summary
Pymaceuticals Inc. has conducted research on anti-cancer medications. The purpose of this study was to compare Capomulin, the drug of interest against other treatment regimens. These treatments were used on mice with tumors to track the relationship between the tumor and specific drug used. 
In this analaysis the two csv files containing the data were read in pandas and merged into one data frame. The data was then looked through to see how many "unique" subjects were used in this study and if there are any duplicates. The mouse "g989" had duplicated entries which was dropped from our analysis. A new data frame was created, allowing for further analysis on a cleaned data frame.
A summary of statisitcs was made to compare the "mean, median, variance, standar deviation and SEM" of tumor volume per drug used in the study. This information was stored in a seperate data frame. 
Next the data was graphed into a bar chart to visualize the relationship between "obsereved mouse timepoints" and "drug regimen." The data of "sex" was then collected into a pie chart to see the percentage of subjucts used in this study. 
To analyze the results for final tumor volume of 4 specific drug regimen "Capomulin", "Infubinol","Ramicane", "Ceftamin" these drugs were grouped into a new data frame based on the greatest "timepoint". A for loop was conducted to search through these treatmenst for any outliers. This loop returned one possible outlier "Infubinol's potential outliers: 31    36.321346 Name: Tumor Volume (mm3), dtype: float64". To visualize these findings a boxplot was conducted for the 4 drug regimens and final tumor volume.
To see specific/detailed results of "Capomulin" we zeroed in on one mouse, "l509". A line graph was made to represtent the relationship between "timepoint" and "tumor volume" for the Capomulin treatment of mouse "l509". 
Lastly in this study the analysis focused on the relationship between weight (g) and the average tumor volume for all subjects regarding "Capomulin". A new data frame for only "Capomulin_results" subjects was created from the "mouse_study_cleaned" data frame. Another data frame was made from the "Capomulin_results" data frame by grouping "Mouse ID" "Tumor Volume (mm3) . mean() into "cap_avg_tumor_data" data frame. "cap_avg_tumor_data" was merged with "capomulin_results" to add a new column of average tumor volume. The columns were renamed and plotted in a scatter plot graph. The correlation and regression were then calculated and a line of regression was added the the scatter plot graph. Concluding the analysis done on this research study. 

Analysis Observations 
1. From the statistical analysis, the data shows that out of the 10 drug regimens used in this study "Capomulin" and "Ramicane" have the smallest tumor volume results and from what was displayed in the bar chart these 2 drugs were the only drugs with over 200 subjects. 
2. Focusing in on mouse "l509" in relation to its "Capomulin" treatment the decrease in tumor volume starts around day 20. After day 20 there is approximately a 4.5(mm3) decrease every 5 days with a bounce back growth of 1-2(mm3) over approximately 5-10 days. From the line graph generated this pattern is easy to see. The results could indicate a quick decrease in tumor volume when the drug is admitted and an increase in growth following due to the dose completing before the next admittance. 
3. Lastly, the data shows that the average tumor volume per subjuct being treated by "Capomulin" has a direct correlation to the weight of the subject. This studies subjects "sex" was split 51% male to 49% female. With this information the data could be further analyzed to see if the correlation between "Capomulin" average tumor volume and weight (g) also has a correlation with "sex". If male mice are typically heavier it would show these subjects as having larger tumor volume.